Added new point about strategy and handlers. Fixed point about JUnit (#163)
mate-academy/jv-program-common-mistakes: java-core/solid/fruit-shop-tests.md

    Assert.assertEquals(expected, actual);
}

@AfterEach
public void afterEachTest() {
    Storage.storage.clear();

> }

Reviewer: I think some student had a problem with `after each` method, and it was solved by swapping to the `before each`, not sure what caused that problem, but maybe it is worth changing here too? Just in case

```  

> #### Test your strategy and all handlers separately from each other and from services
> <b>Unit testing is isolated testing. Don't forget this.</b> <br>
> Don't test your strategy in service (e.g. `FruitService`) where you use it. It's enough to create map with only one 
> handler type (e.g. `Balance`) and test it works.
> 
> Test all your handlers separately. Create test for every single handler and test as many scenarios as possible.

Reviewer: Looks more clear
```suggestion
#### Unit testing is **isolated** testing
Keep your strategy, handler, and service tests separate from each other. Each of them needs a separate test class with its corresponding test cases.
Don't test your strategy in service (e.g. `FruitService`). It's enough to create a map with only one handler (e.g. `Balance`).
```

Author: Good point. Just one note: the bold text doesn't work with handlers. I'd prefer an underline
